# Setting
The campaign is set in the Forgotten Realms, specifically the **Sword Coast. As our adventure begins, a motley crew of unlikely allies is forced to band together on the road outside of **Phandalin, a town previously razed and ruined hundreds of years earlier, now being rebuilt by a reconstruction effort led by investors from the nearby city of **Neverwinter. Rumors of trouble have plagued the region for some months now, and as adventurers you are lured by the possibility of gold and glory. However, **you were all attacked on the road to Phandalin by what appeared to be an **ice dragon, though you have your doubts that such a creature would roam this far south. Regardless, you decide to band together for safety, and as the adventure begins you and your newfound companions are just outside of Phandalin, intent on finding an inn and some spirits to help wash away the fearsome sight witnessed earlier that day…

## More Context
If you want any help or inspiration with character creation, feel free to reach out. Since the campaign is set in **Faerun there is a ton of lore and writing out there. When creating a character, keep in mind that humans, elves, dwarves, gnomes, and halflings are the most common races in Faerun. Which is not to say kookier races are off limits, but maybe run the character concept by me first if you want to play a duergar, ogre, githyanki or something else a little more exotic. Our first session will be all about character creation, so no worries if you’re still fleshing things out when we get together.

==Game is starting at Level 1, leveling up each session then during milestones.